Mr. Chen, your stone is wasted.
Nothing.
Great. Thanks.
Chen Hao, why didn't the rough stone you picked grow?
I'm impulsive, I'm impulsive
I told you he beat you last time
Totally stepped on shit luck
You just don't listen
You have to pin all your hopes on him
Then how could such a person possibly survive?
Chen Hao
Did you deliberately pick a piece of scrap?
Yes, I'm experimenting.
That's fine.
I knew your ability didn't disappear
Chen Hao
Can you help Caiyun pick three rough stones?
Forget me, can you wake up?
Don't listen to him
He doesn't have the ability to see at all
Beat your face and make you fat here
Even if you force him to help
Caiyun will definitely lose
Forget it, honey.
I think it's up to you to come forward
Help Caiyun cancel the game
Although I lost some face
But it's better than treating that guy like a master
I'll help you, you don't have that ability.
Don't harm people's wealth
And if I win?
You're a jerk.
Who provoked him with dim sum?
Ah, let's make a bet too
If you lose
You have to agree to one request without conditions
OK, so if I win
You come to me as a babysitter for a month
What nanny?
Are you crazy?
What qualifications do you have to let me marry you?
Brother will be your nanny
Can you afford it?
If you can't afford it, don't play it.